=begin pod
=head1 TOGoS's Raku Learing Log

Hello there.  Welcome to my devlog about learning Perl6 a.k.a. Raku,
written in L<RakuDoc (a.k.a. Pod6)|https://docs.raku.org/language/pod> so that I can learn that, too.

=head2 Installing stuff

C<zef install> is slow and unreliable.

=head2 2026-03-23

=head3 Can I compile to a JAR file?

=for input
"The JVM backend is experimental and requires a recent JDK."

=comment
As far as I can tell, there's no good way to do semantic blockquotes in POD6/RakuDoc.
`=for input` seems to kinda do the job, but is semantically gross.
So I'm just going with double quotes for now.

So maybe not with the vanilla C<choco install rakudostar> distro that I have installed on Framey.

=head3 Reading L<Raku's "core"|https://gist.github.com/raiph/849a4a9d8875542fb86df2b2eda89296>

=for input
"KnowHOW is a self-describing primitive that knows how to be
and do just one thing: to be the sole KnowHOW from which both itself
and all else can be bootstrapped, starting with implementation of the
single semantic model."

Oh this makes Raku sound very cool.

=head3 Reading L<Why I'm Learning Perl 6|https://www.evanmiller.org/why-im-learning-perl-6.html>

  =for input
  "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" x 1000
  
  Doesn't make a thousand copies of the string, or even make a
  thousand pointers to the same string. It's stored as a short string
  and a repetition count, and the VM string functions know how to
  operate efficiently on strings with repeated substrings. Pretty clever, right?
  Make a hundred million copies; RAM usage barely budges.

Also very cool, and the sort of thing I'd do.

=end pod
